we are ready to play again in the
network of 2.9 follow led pump in key
sporty
a good player must have three
features gold be effective two
Quick and three know how to play in team
that cool and santi layers are in the
yours, the dandruff 100% and
prevent their future reappearance
francis anti dandruff best friend
shoulder garnier
with the hashtag in sports key
we do this program until 3 o'clock in the
late some comments that come to us
for example diego felipe guru tells us
damn dwarf who should be the
muddy couple in the defense of colo
colo greetings
teacher who is playing in this is
playing muddy
and is improvising her baeza because
Paraguay has not no use for that and
not for any reason is like the king
logo for no reason
martínez do not have another sector the
Paraguayan Cáceres
look what I did a little bit ago
fantasy says césar venezuela gurus like
would be martínez martín walls
rodríguez and banegas the side three very
good players
not thinking about the chees playing in the
same team what clear imagination of
embargo or the greeting to the state
that they can not do it came by the
window with the colors is just what
you need colo colo
the two old tax tips
play right pointer plays control
left plays whole center and you go to
look for the ball to the team there
skillful as she is talented then the
two shortcomings if it's very good
if this is weird weird that beyond the
problem that I have had the board and with the
why
and I started all gifted once is
how to write as the first
of the rap or the illustrious son
the prize is a matter alienates the pen
that has to know how to speak that calls me to
to talk to grandma is told nothing
he said look for example I say roberto
araya with the hashtag in sports key
when the Chilean players are going to be
really respected abroad in
big teams like Real Madrid and the
barcelona on purpose not to give advantage
dresses
it says here for example mauricio you must
hahaha to put your ace or when you
come out the neck laugh here good very
good player here highlights caesar
valenzuela martín rodríguez is a very
good guru player and he will get away
with perseverance and dedication football
in hug to the south that destroyed it sent him
to be the pre-season to Africa there are already
a file in Africa because it puts some
necklaces neck women's neck
unless
that neck
someone like that
I am not 40 years old 43 years old
for Perez Medel and Gaelic
a kite
take them to the web
to anyone who pass food
the breakfast
who wants to install the garden with love
now let the locker room and back
pump reads in sports key